## FINDINGS
### Data analysis
There were not many missing data but the data on number of players for a released game (prediction target) is relatively small (1.2k) compared to general data on released games (40k). This caused the final dataset to be relatively small which might have reduced the prediction accurary of the model due to the small pool of games with player number data. Data on number of players were taken from a dataset on the popularity of games, which may suggest bias towards games with high popularity (very well known with high media coverage). This means the model may not perform so well against games without such factors.

### Model selection & performance
Several regression models were attempted such as Linear Regression, Bayesian Ridge, MLP Regressor models. The model selected was the Lars model with the best R2 score (positive and closest to 0). Upon plotting scatter graphs of various features against the number of players (actual and predicted), it was discovered that the predicted graph temd to be relatively flat (predicted values do not vary by a lot). This might have been caused by a large proportion of the dataset having similar values with a relative few having significantly larger values. A way to address this would be to remove the outliers, but this could lead to an even smaller dataset to work with.

## CONCLUSION
There were plans to attempt different models with the dataset, compare results and select the best model from a list of evaluation criteria. Due to constraints, this was not fully accomplished within the duration of the bootcamp but it is planned for further research and experimentation. A deeper analysis of feature significance would also be a good area for additional study, in order to further understand the impact of varying factors on the performance of a released games.
